{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh19520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
NOTE: We feel that the site is much more useful with initial content. If you login and visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dockt.mit.edu/default_groups"}}{\fldrslt dockt.mit.edu/default_groups}}, you will be given access to several pre-made groups. These groups demonstrate the use-cases we wished to address with our website. 
\b0 \
\
\
1. What is the name of your website?\
	
\b Dockt
\b0 \
2. What is the url for your website?\
	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dockt.mit.edu"}}{\fldrslt 
\b dockt.mit.edu}}\
3. List the name, school (if not MIT), year, major, and number of years of web programming experience of everyone on your team.\
	
\b Mason Glidden, 2014, 6-3, ~1 year web programming experience\
	Chris Tam, 2014, 6-2, ~1 year web programming experience
\b0 \
4. Describe the problem your website aims to solve.\
	
\b At MIT, many classes put course and lecture notes online. When working on homework, we are always referring back to equations and explanations in these notes. However, it's difficult to share these snippets of information with others in your homework group \'96 we often find ourselves passing page and line numbers back and forth. We aim to make this transition easier.
\b0 \
5. Describe how your website solves this problem.\
	
\b We provide a unified interface for document display and annotation. We allow users to organize all of a classes' course notes, and share it with their peers. Instead of trying to describe the location of the equation on the bottom-third of the 5th page, one could simply comment on it, marking it for easy access.
\b0 \
6. What backend technology did you use?\
	
\b Ruby on Rails
\b0 \
7. What frontend technology did you use?\
	
\b jQuery, html5 API
\b0 \
8. List all of your site's features.\
	
\b Create different groups for all of your classes, link documents to that group\
	Make inline comments on the document\
	Share groups with classmates, allowing them to collaborate with you\
	Search through all of your data\
	Have new groups, documents and comments show up in real-time as your group members add them
\b0 \
9. Describe which feature(s) are most important and describe why/how that adds to the core value of your website.\
	
\b The single most important feature is the document viewing page. It displays the selected document, as well as any comments that users have added. This is the heart of the website: it allows users to collaborate and annotate a course document, marking useful sections or relevant equations.
\b0 \
10. Tell us what you think makes your site cool and/or unique.\
	
\b There are no full-page refreshes throughout the entire site. All requests are made asynchronously, which decreases the latency while increasing the responsiveness of the site.\
	Additionally, every page is live-updating. If a user adds you to a group or makes a comment on a page you are viewing, it will appear instantly. This facilitates real-time collaboration, improving the work flow.
\b0 \
11. List all 3rd party API's, 3rd party plugins, open-source code, etc that you used.\
	
\b Backend: pusher (Rails WebSocket API), curl, ImageMagick (to convert pdfs)\
	Frontend: pusher, jquery-ui, jquery-table-sorter, glyphicons icon set
\b0 \
12. Does your site fit within the MIT Utility category?\
	
\b Yes \'96 we designed the site to solve issues that came up in our normal work cycle.
\b0 \
13. Does your site fit within the Philanthropy category?\
	
\b No
\b0 \
14. Will at least one of your team members be able to attend judging on Wednesday and awards on Thursday if you are chosen as a semifinalist?\
	
\b Yup}